Usage: ./fba2x <path to rom><shortname>.zip
   ie: ./fba2x ./uopoko.zip
 Note: Path and .zip extension are mandatory.

Supported (but not necessarily working via fba-gp2x) roms:

gtmra                gtmr                 1941j                
1941                 1944j                1944                 
19xxa                19xxjr1              19xx                 
19xxb                19xxh                19xxj                
2020bb               2020bba              2020bbh              
3countb              aerofgt              sonicwi2             
sonicwi3             aodk                 agallet              
avspa                avsp                 avsph                
avspj                avspu                alpham2              
androdun             area88               batrider             
batridrk             batridra             armwara              
armwarr1             armwar               armwaru              
aof2                 aof2a                aof3k                
aof3                 aof                  bonkadv              
bakatono             bakubrkr             bangbead             
bstars2              bstars               batsugun             
batsugna             batugnsp             bbakraid             
bbakradu             batcira              batcir               
batcirj              flipshot             bgareghk             
bgaregga             bgaregnv             bgaregcn             
bgaregt2             biomtoy              blazeon              
blazstar             bloodwar             bjourney             
bombjack             bombjac2             breakers             
breakrev             burningf             burningh             
dino                 dinou                dinoj                
cscluba              csclub               csclubh              
csclubj              cworld2j             captcomu             
captcomm             captcomj             ctomaday             
cawingr1             cawing               cawingu              
marukodq             chikij               choko                
cookbib2             cookbib3             crsword              
cthd2003             ct2k3sp              cyberlip             
cybotsj              cybots               cybotsu              
daimakai             dfeveron             dstlka               
dstlk                dstlkur1             dstlku               
diggerma             dimahoo              ddonpach             
ddonpchj             dogyuun              donpacjp             
donpachi             donpachk             donpackr             
doubledr             ddsomjr1             ddsomr3              
ddsomr2              ddsomur1             ddsomb               
ddsomr1              ddsoma               ddsom                
ddsomj               ddsomu               ddtoda               
ddtodr1              ddtodjr1             ddtodur1             
ddtodh               ddtodj               ddtodu               
ddtod                dynwar               ecofghta             
ecofghtr             ecofghtu             eightman             
esprade              espradeo             espradej             
explbrkr             fantasia             fantsia2             
fntsia2a             fantsy95             fatfury1             
fatfury2             fatfury3             fatfursp             
fatfursa             feversos             fightfev             
fightfva             fswords              ffightu              
ffightj1             ffightua             ffightj              
ffight               fstarfrc             finalttr             
fbfrenzy             forgottn             gaia                 
galaxyfg             galhustl             ginkun               
ganryu               garoubl              garoup               
garou                garouo               gpilots              
ghostlop             ghoulsu              ghouls               
gwinga               gigawing             gwingj               
goalx3               powerins             gtmr2u               
gtmre                gtmrusa              gmahou               
grindsta             grindstm             gururin              
guwange              hellfir1             hellfire             
hellfir2             honeydol             hyperpac             
hyperpcb             hsf2j                hsf2                 
jockeygp             jyangoku             janshin              
kabukikl             karnovr              kog                  
kotm                 kotmh                kotm2                
kingdmgp             kizuna               knights              
knightsj             knightsu             kbash                
lans2004             lresort              lbowling             
legendos             lostwrld             mswordj              
msword               mswordu              mswordr1             
mgcrystj             mgcrysto             mgcrystl             
magdrop2             magdrop3             maglord              
maglordh             mahretsu             mahoudai             
mmatrixj             mmatrix              msha                 
msh                  mshjr1               mshu                 
mshb                 mshh                 mshj                 
mshvsfa1             mshvsfa              mshvsfb1             
mshvsf               mshvsfh              mshvsfj2             
mshvsfu1             mshvsfj1             mshvsfj              
mshvsfb              mshvsfu              mvscar1              
mvsc                 mvscjr1              mvsca                
mvscb                mvsch                mvscj                
mvscu                megaman              megamn2a             
megaman2             mtwins               mercs                
mercsu               mercsua              mslug                
mslug2               mslug3               mslug3n              
mslug4               ms4plus              mslug5               
ms5pcb               ms5plus              mslug3b6             
mslugx               mpang                mpangj               
gtmr2a               gtmr2                minasan              
missw96              missmw96             miexchng             
moremore             moremorp             mbomberj             
mbombrdj             mbombrd              mutnat               
nam1975              naname               nemoj                
nemo                 neobombe             neodrift             
neogeo               neomrdo              newfant              
turfmast             neocup98             news                 
newsa                nwarr                nwarrb               
nwarrh               nwarru               nitd                 
ncombat              ncombata             ncommand             
ninjamas             ohmygod              ragnagrd             
outzone              outzonea             outzoneb             
outzonec             overtop              pang3                
pang3j               panicbom             pgoal                
pnickj               pnyaa                pfghtj               
popbounc             powerina             powerinb             
pspikes2             pgearr1              pgear                
preisle2             sailormo             sailormn             
progeara             progear              progearj             
pulstar              pzloop2j             pzloop2              
pbobblen             pbobblna             pbobbl2n             
puzzledp             puzzldpr             4in1boot             
uopoko               joyjoy               qadj                 
qad                  quizdais             quizkof              
quizdai2             qndream              qtono2               
rotd                 rbff2k               rbff2                
rbff2h               rbffspec             rbff1                
ridhero              ridheroh             ringdest             
riot                 roboarmy             roboarma             
rockmanj             rckman2j             samsho2              
samsho3              samsho3a             samsho4              
samsho5b             samsho5              samsho5h             
samsh5sp             samsh5sh             samsh5sn             
samsho               wofa                 slammast             
slammasu             savagere             sengoku              
sengokh              sengoku2             sengoku3             
mercsj               matrim               shippumd             
shocktro             shocktra             shocktr2             
snowbroj             snowbros             snowbroa             
snowbrob             snowbroc             snowbro2             
snowbro3             socbrawl             sstriker             
sstrikra             spinmast             stakwin              
stakwin2             sfach                sfar3                
sfar2                sfau                 sfar1                
sfa                  sfa2                 sfa3b                
sfa3r1               sfa3                 sf2ua                
sf2eb                sf2ja                sf2ub                
sf2ue                sf2jc                sf2ud                
sf2uf                sf2                  sf2ui                
sf2uk                sf2j                 sf2accp2             
sf2koryu             sf2m2                sf2m4                
sf2m5                sf2m6                sf2m7                
sf2rb                sf2rb2               sf2red               
sf2v004              sf2yyc               sf2ce                
sf2ceua              sf2cej               sf2ceub              
sf2ceuc              sf2hf                sf2t                 
sf2tj                sfzjr2               sfza                 
sfzh                 sfzjr1               sfzbr1               
sfzj                 sfzch                sfzb                 
sfz2a                sfz2j                sfz2n                
sfz2br1              sfz2h                sfz2b                
sfz2aj               sfz2ab               sfz2ah               
sfz2aa               sfz3jr2              sfz3ar1              
sfz3jr1              sfz3a                sfz3j                
strhoop              strider              stridrua             
striderj             stridrja             s1945p               
sdodgeb              sgemfa               sgemfh               
sgemf                supmodel             smbombr1             
smbomb               spf2ta               spf2t                
spf2xj               ssideki2             ssideki3             
ssideki              ssf2jr2              ssf2                 
ssf2jr1              ssf2u                ssf2ar1              
ssf2a                ssf2j                ssf2tbr1             
ssf2tbj              ssf2tb               ssf2ta               
ssf2t                ssf2tur1             ssf2tu               
ssf2xj               svcpcb               svcpcba              
svc                  svcboot              svcplus              
svcplusa             svcsplus             mosyougi             
tws96                tekipaki             dynwarj              
wofj                 berlwall             berlwalt             
irrmaze              kod                  kodj                 
kodu                 kof94                kof95                
kof95a               kof96                kof96h               
kof97                kof97a               kof97pls             
kof98k               kof98n               kof98                
kof99e               kof99n               kof99p               
kof99                kof99a               kof10th              
kf2k5uni             kf10thep             kof2000              
kof2000n             kof2001              kof2001h             
kof2002              kf2k2mp              kf2k2mp2             
kf2k2pls             kf2k2pla             kf2k3bl              
kf2k3bla             kf2k3pcb             kof2003              
kf2k3pl              kf2k3upl             kof2k4se             
lastblad             lastbldh             lastbld2             
lastsold             punisher             punishrj             
punishru             superspy             ssideki4             
wintbob              trally               3wonders             
3wonderu             theroes              tophuntr             
tophunta             tpgolf               toppyrap             
truxton2             truxton              twinadvk             
twinadv              twinkle              twinspri             
unsquad              cawingj              uecology             
uopokoj              vfive                vliner               
vlinero              vampjr1              vampj                
vampja               vhuntjr2             vhuntjr1             
vhuntj               vhunt2r1             vhunt2               
vsava                vsav                 vsavh                
vsavj                vsavu                vsav2                
varthr1              varthu               varth                
varthj               viewpoin             gowcaizr             
wakuwak7             wof                  wofu                 
willowje             willowj              willow               
wjammers             wonder3              wc90                 
wc90a                wc90t                wh1                  
wh1h                 wh2                  wh2j                 
whp                  xmcotajr             xmcotaa              
xmcotaj1             xmcotaj              xmcota               
xmcotau              xmcotah              xmvsfjr2             
xmvsfr1              xmvsfjr1             xmvsfar1             
xmvsf                xmvsfh               xmvsfj               
xmvsfur1             xmvsfa               xmvsfb               
xmvsfu               3in1semi             zedblade             
zerowing             zintrckb             zipzap               
zupapa               karatblz             turbofrc             
spinlbrk             spinlbru             spinlbrj             
galpanic             pgm                  orlegend             
orlegnde             orlegndc             orld111c             
orld105k             kov                  kov115               
kovj                 kovplus              kovplusa             
1945kiii             hook                 

